Curriculum Vitae Summary: I have more than 10 years experience with software development, since 2012 up to now I have been working as senior mobile developer focusing on android and ios. I have developed many android and ios apps for Australian clients in various business domains. I also used to work a lot with telecom, video and location base services applications. I am an experienced team player with clear communication and interpersonal skills who has the ability to work independently under pressure can lead, motivate and influence others and I have been using Scrum for more than 3 years so I know how to fit in a Scrum team. Contact information Name: TUAN HUYNH VAN DOB 7th Septemper 1978 Nationality: Vietnamese Mobile 0918748034 Email: entec_vtuan@gmail.com Skype: vantuan2009 186/6A, Tan Hung Thuan ward, twelve District, Ho Chi Minh Address: City Skills Languages C++, MS VC++, EVC4, VB, Java Android SDK, Android NDK, iOS Framework, JSON, REST, Framework … Tools Android Studio , Xcode, Eclipse. Database MS SQL 2012, SQL Lite. C#, VN.Net, Crystal Report (1 year). Web iOS (more 1.5 years), Android (more 4.5 years) and Mobile Nokia (1.5 years). Relevant Work Experience 1. Senior mobile developer & team lead position from 2014 (March 2012 – present) Texodesign company: Australian base company, offer out sourcing and also developing their own product Project name: Texo Energy Saver The mobile app offers users a secure and convenient way to accurately Project description track your electricity usage and costs as well as find the best electricity rates available and switch to a more cost-effective Industry Energy Project team size 3 Senior developer for ios version Role(s) Team leader for Android version Xcode, Eclipse, SQL Lite, Apple Map, Google Map, Chart library, iOS Skill set utilized and Android Responsibilities - Communicate with product team to understand requirement - Consult the product team for UI/UX to make sure the app convenient for user and follow the mobile design trend - Working with server team to define API data model for the app - Develop app features and release to GPlay and iTunes Assignment dura- 1.5 years tion https://itunes.apple.com/au/app/energy-saver/ id677657188?mt=8 Download the app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details? id=texo.energy&hl=vi Project name: Current Cost (mobile app) This is a clone version of TexoEnergy saver but branding to current cost device, the app also enhanced to get data directly from current cost de- Project description vice via their API. The app has support multiple languages: English, Italian, Spanish, German, Dutch and French Industry Energy Project team size 3 Android team leader Role(s) Xcode, Eclipse, SQL Lite, Apple Map, Google Map, Chart library, iOS Skill set utilized and Android - Communicate with product team to understand requirement - Consult the product team for UI/UX to make sure the app convenient for user Responsibilities and follow the mobile design trend - Working with server team to define API data model for the app - Develop app features and release to GPlay and iTunes Assignment dura- 1.5 months tion Download the app Project name: HiveKeepers As a beekeeper you should be doing all that you can to protect your bees. To Project description do this you should be keeping great records that help you track the health and wellbeing of your hives. HiveKeepers can help. Industry Ideabox Project team size 2 Android team leader Role(s) Skill set utilized Android Studio, Google Map, Chart library. - Communicate with product team to understand requirement - Consult the product team for UI/UX to make sure the app convenient for user Responsibilities and follow the mobile design trend - Working with server team to define API data model for the app - Develop app features and release to GPlay Assignment dura- 2 months tion Download the app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hivekeepers Project name: Bunjee Family YOUR 1ST MOBILE MARKETPLACE FOR THE FAMILY MARKET Discover family events, products, and services in your local community, all from the convenience of your smartphone. Project description Promote your events, sell your products, and market your services to local fam- ilies like never before. Industry Bunjee Inc. Project team size 2 Android team leader Role(s) Skill set utilized Android Studio, Google Map, GPS. - Communicate with product team to understand requirement - Consult the product team for UI/UX to make sure the app convenient for user Responsibilities and follow the mobile design trend - Working with server team to define API data model for the app - Develop app features and release to GPlay Assignment dura- 6 months tion Download the app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bunjee Beside these 2 company products I also joined some out sourcing projects o Jeep Owner App android version: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details? id=com.digitaldialogue.jeep This is the main mobile application for Jeep, the app is the main tool for them to communicate with their users for : promotion, offers, event and the app also provide useful tools: traffic, weathers, surf reports o Team leader for Android MyWitness project: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details? id=com.mywitness Project research: iBeacon using Apsima SDK The projects before 18/03/2012 Project name: Terminal, Car_Tracking, Easy_Taxi Project description This is a Taxi system manager that control inline the taxis via GPS such as determination current location and driving speed of the taxis. The system can find and coordinate the nearest available taxi with re- quest of customer. The customer can book a taxi by many way such as sending SMS, visiting website or calling to terminal agent. Taxi drivers can pick up and drop down the customer by using Easy_Taxi or Car_Tracking to get information. Industry Taxmobil Project team size 3 Analysis, design, coding and testing Role(s) C/C++, QT, Eclipse, Data base Postgres, SQL Server. Skill set utilized Windows, Linux, Android. - Communicate with product team to understand requirement - Consult the product team for UI/UX to make sure the app convenient for user Responsibilities and follow the mobile design trend - Working with server team to define API data model for the app Assignment dura- 4 months tion Download the app Project name: Selltracking_System This system use for managed sale company. One seller’s one device, log Project description in by phone number, and receiver one list schedule every day. Base on this schedule the seller can work step by step. Industry Taxmobil Project team size 3 Analysis, design, coding and test. Role(s) C/C++, QT, Eclipse, Data base Postgres, SQL Server. Skill set utilized Windows, Linux, Android. - Communicate with product team to understand requirement - Consult the product team for UI/UX to make sure the app convenient for user Responsibilities and follow the mobile design trend - Working with server team to define API data model for the app Assignment dura- 4 months tion Download the app And many project we can discuss later. Education background 1999 – 2003: University of Natural Sciences Degree obtained: Graduate Language: English (Intermediate)