P R O F I L E L Ý T H I Ệ N N H Â N ( M R . ) Email: nhanlt1710@gmail.com – 0907 998 511 ------------------------------------------ Career Summary : Having more than 3 years of experience in front-end developing position, including web designing implementation, data logic implementation, services API implementation…: 9 months internship working as developer in FPT Software HCM G36 projects. Almost 2-year experience of working as full-stack developer for developing Viettel’s largest DMS solution system for Vinamilk and Sabeco company Having 1 and a half year international working experience at Emirates Group Information Technology Center (Dubai, UAE ) as a senior front- end Agile team leader, responsible for developing EMIRATES AIRLINE’s biggest AIRLINE SERVICE PROVISION project ever called EMPACT. Technical Skills Summary: Front-end Back-end Strong and solid base knowledge on working with Agile Methodology Development Process and Continuous Delivery/DevOps Process with direct and side-by-side qualified supports from XebiaGroup – a very famous name on the IT Agile and Software Development consultant company - experts for lots of experiences about Test-Driven Development and Test Automation, together with Continuous Delivery. Excellent soft skills and communication and presentation in English with large diversified team members from different nations and languages. Viettel DMS Solution System Modules : Customer Management Modules Emirates Airline Products Order Management Modules EMPACT cross Report Modules platform system Airport Service UI Lounge Service Modules. Much experience working with large-scaled projects and application lifecycle management Key projects undertaken : Achievement : Viettel employee of the month: Create the common rewarded as providing solutions template structure solving the complexity of products for DMS project’s related business flow into sub scalability for future modules that helps speeding the use system performance +20sec. Be part of the EMPACT Applied NEWS component team (Nimble Emirates when key member are responsible for Web Stack) researching, framework to re documenting, guiding structure the project and providing common code and style guide best practices for all UI for better maintenance PERSONAL EDUCATION: 2008- 05/2012: Study and Graduated at Degree of Bachelor Software Engineering at FPT University Ho Chi Minh.  Languages:  Vietnamese: mother tongue  English: have advance English communication skills (speaking fluently, good listening, can read and write documents well.)  Japanese: primary (in FPT University)  Technical skills:  Front-end: Javascripts, Angular JS 1.0 and 2.0, Jquery, Struts2, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap Responsive Design, Angular Materials Design framework, Struts2, ECMA scripts 2015.  Back-end: Java J2EE, Node.JS, Hibernate, Spring MVC, SQL (Oracle PL/SQL), NoSQL ( MongoDB), Jasper Report.  Version-Control: GIT, SVN  Agile project management tools: Atlassian JIRA Software, Jenkins Automation DevOps  Development tools: Spring Tool Suite, Eclipse, WebStorm, Sublime Text, Notepad++  Task-runner tools: Yeoman, Grunt, Karma, Jasmine, Bower, Node…  Platform: Windows, Linux.  Other skills:  Self-study and research.  Use Microsoft Office efficiently  Good presentation skill  Self-working with high pressure  Working in group skill  Working with high responsibility PERSONAL WORKING EXPERIENCES: 12/2014 – 2/2016: Onsite working at Emirates Group Information Technology Center as a senior front end developer Agile UI team leader in Airport UI Service Provision project : 04/2015 – 02/2016 - About: Large cross-platform system used for all types of services that an airport can provide to its customers (sales and services, lounge services, check in services,…) - Technology: Angular JS, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive design applied Materials Methodology for cross platform - Job: Technical consultant, develop system screen based on user story, research and provide best practices for team members, maintain security, unit testing, site load performance and responsive design working perfectly on tablet and mobile. Control the quality of every screen before demo. Communication bridge between Business and Developing team. Report directly to Project Manager and Scrum Master Main front-end developer for E-coupon Staff Machine Generator project: 12/2014 – 03/2015 - About: Webview system used to provide to Emirates Group Staff E-coupon generating through mobile or email services that replace the current printed coupon machine for any internal service that they require ( visa,salary,health,trip,… ) - Technology: AngularJS, Microsoft Webview, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap responsive design. - Job: Responsible for developing all 15 screens of the project, unit testing report coverage, automation testing, discuss directly with business on system logic, implement HTML page from the screen provided by design team , integration with business Restful services. 06/2012 – 11/2014: Working at Viettel Software Company as a full-stack developer Leading developer for the new project: a LITE version of the DMS core business 06/2014 – 11/2014 system, that can adapt specific requirements for all normal and small companies with smaller size and capability of functional screen and business flow . This product can be seen as a shorten version of the full DMS ONE that is provided to Vinamilk. 02/2014 – 05/2014 Worked as a main technical support for re-creating and maintaining the most complicated and difficult core business requirement from the customer : mastering the SALE ORDER module for all concurrent projects – the second core module of the DMS system ( the other one is the SALE SUPPERVISOR module ). Starting as a technical leader for the team consisting of 5 member working on the 07/2013 – 01/2014 new project that provide extra service for all Vinamilk’s farm all over Vietnam country. The new system is also based on the core framework. 12/2012 – 06/2013 Joined in the VINAMILK DMS project as a full-stack developer . - About: This is Viettel’s biggest project, developing for providing customer one multi-platform system with capability to handle all functionality that a distributed management system can support for beverage and drink business in general, and specifically for Vinamilk customer with the complexity in business logic story and the system must be applicable for handling huge number of data. - Technology: The core system is still also the combination of Struts2, Spring and Hibernate framework on server side, together with AJAX , JSON, Jquery, HTML/CSS, EasyUI framework on client-side. - Job: Working both on front-end and back-end side; team leader for developing team; developing 20+ screen for the system in customer management modules and sale order modules; generating reports based on specific requirements from customer; handling security criteria for web developer; apply best practice for tweaking system performance; constructing and in charge of weekly new technology meeting; main responsible for reporting directly to project manager. Starting working as a front-end developer for a web-based system for department 07/2012 – 11/2012 : of justice in District 6. - About: This is a system that handles the justice management process for people’s birth and death information, location, … at District 6, HCM city. - Technology: Struts2, Jquery, Javascript, HTML and CSS2, Jasper Report. - Job: Developing birth, marriage and location management screen; Printing marriage and birth certificate by using Jasper report. Using Java to integrate with data retrieve from database through Hibernate mapping object and service. 9/2008 – 05/2012: Projects at University. 9/2008 – 05/2012 Many assignment projects using C, C++, C#.Net, Asp.Net, Java, XML, SQL Server, and My SQL. 02/2012– 5/2012 : Final Capstone Project for Graduation using Java ( Hibernate framework and POI library ) , HTML , CSS , SQL Server . Final Capstone Project for Graduation using Java ( Hibernate 02/2012– 5/2012 framework and POI library ) , HTML , CSS , SQL Server . A web-based system used for Human-Resource Management ( main function is the overall rating work performance - by basing on the input excel file containing all the critical criterions and standards that is necessary for the rating process ) 08/2010 – 05/2011: On-Job Training at FPT Software Company - FPTSS, G33 10/2010 – 01/2011 Served as DMS deployer in ERP Ajinomoto-DMS project(FPTSS) Learning , mastering and deploying the DMS PDA system to Ajinomoto Supervisors Served as Java developer , VB.NET and Oracle PL/SQL Developer and 02/2011 – 05/2011 tester in TABATA project (G33) Migrate sql data from mySQL to Oracle PL/SQL modules. Coding new VB.NET modules. Coding Java website modules Ly Thien Nhan