Lam Nguyen Tien Software Engineer Summary I have more than four-year of experiences in .NET, different areas JavaScript technologies, understanding the full life-cycle of software engineering and knowledge about Object-oriented programming and algorithms. As a web developer, I already have many experiences for developing web-based projects and beside I have a good teamwork attitude, always willing to share my experiences with my colleagues as well as studying new technologies to become a better developer. My roles and responsibilities: Personal Info - Define structure of database. - Writing CRUD API and function. Address 1387/7/8 Huynh - Define UI/UX. Tan Phat, District 7, - Using javascript framework to build frontend system. HCMC - Working with HTML, CSS and libraries to developing web app. Phone 091 333 4416 Experience E-mail lamnt.it@gmail.com .NET Developer ✦ 9/2013 - 8/2014 Pham Gia Technology Date of birth 20 / 08 / 1991 This project is an e-newspapers. I developed file manager in CMS. File manager is a tool in CMS to manage all files which are used to display in e-newspapers such as images, videos and documents. E-newspapers is a project similar vnexpress.net, dantri.com.vn, vietnamnet.vn. It includes CMS and client. Client are pages Skills which display news of many kind such as social, sport, rule, art, movie, … . CMS is a manage news tool. It includes many function such as manage news, manage files and actions to post news. C#, ASP.NET MVC Fullstack Developer ✦ 8/2014 - 9/2015 🔴🔴🔴⚪⚪ Orient Software Development Corporation HTML, HTML5 Working with over twenty programmers in AMT project. I have been working as a developer and being in charge of client site follow angularJS in this project. AMT is the leading asset management software for mining 🔴🔴🔴🔴⚪ equipment. AMT asset management software is currently deployed in some of the largest mining equipment fleets in the world, including sites such as Escondida, Freeport and Boddington. The system was designed to CSS, CSS3 support responsive mobile design as well as support popular web browsers, such as Firefox, IE (8, 9, 10, 11), Chrome, and Safari. 🔴🔴🔴🔴⚪ Fullstack Developer ✦ 9/2015 - 1/2017 Javascript (jQuery, Softer Source angularJS, reactJS, …) 🔴🔴🔴🔴⚪ I am working with other programmers in a project about workflow management .I’m working as a front end developer in this project. This project provides a proven system that tracks every service and work order from start to finish. It organizes tasks, client notes, service details, and billing information neatly into one unified Hybrid mobile (sencha system. It’s all designed to support you in delivering the best possible service to your clients. touch 2, ionic) 🔴🔴🔴⚪⚪ Software Engineer ✦ 2/2017 - Now Knorex Bootstraps I am working with other programmers in a project about advertiser management .I’m working as a full stack 🔴🔴🔴🔴⚪ developer in this project. This project is a full-stack platform designed from the ground-up specifically for Advertisers, Agencies and Publishers to conduct Precision Performance Marketing to deliver personalized Java experience to the right audience with the right marketing message. Use this to bid for media using smart optimization algorithms while getting access to the best and leading ad exchanges in the world, ensuring that 🔴🔴⚪⚪⚪ you reach out to the widest audience worldwide. Education The University of Technical Education - HCM, Vietnam. The Diploma of Information Technology