Full Name Nguyen Tan Hung Email tanhung0107@gmail.com Cell Phone 01265951900 Location Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam Experience Total Experience (Months) 36 iOS Experience 30 Summary o Programming language: Swift (Best), Objective-C (Good), JavaScript (Normal) o Developer tool: XCode, Visual Code, Android Studio o Project structure: MVC, MVVM ( with ReactiveX), VIPER o Source Control: Git (Source Tree, Command line) o iOS framework – deeply understand: Cocoa Touch, Core Data, Core Location, Core Animation,.… o iOS third-party – deeply understand: Cocoa pod, Alamofire, AFNetworking, Magical Record, … o iOS technique: Autolayout –Size Class, APNs, Memory management, Concurrent Programming o Apple certificate system and step to release application o Network: working with Restful and JSON format o Back-end: Node.js and background about Ruby on Rails o Good background knowledge to research and resolve problem o Team management o English: Good Education Year of Degree Qualification College / University / Institution Passing University of Technology, Ho Chi Minh Bachelors B.Sc (Computers) 2014 City, Vietnam Company and Role Start Date June ‘16 Company & Client Suburb Company End Date Present Project Location HoChiMinh City Team Size handled (If applicable) 4 Project This is a start-up project in Singapore. The purpose of this project is connecting people Description in the same department, same area. Role / Senior iOS Developer Responsibilities 1. Communicate with Product Owner to get and understand requirement about new feature. 2. Discuss with android and back-end team to find best solution 3. Implement function 4. Test and release Start Date Dec ‘15 Start Date Dec ‘15 Company & Client PYCOGROUP End Date June ‘16 Team Size Project Location Ho Chi Minh City handled (If 10 applicable) Project Implement new project with new Description technology and maintain old Team Size handled (If applicable) 4 project Role / Senior iOS Developer Responsibilities 1. Developed entire UI application from scratch, working on the entire process of mobile development, including planning, create detail requirement, developing, troubleshooting, and debugging, implement software code. 2. Communicated with back-end developers, client to receive data needed for development 3. Project owner: separate big task to sub task and assign to team member. Manage time line of project 4. Support team member with technical issues or project business Start Date Nov ‘14 Company & Client ISB Viet Nam, Panasonic End Date June ’15 Project Location HoChiMinh City Team Size handled (If applicable) 5 Project Write an iPad application to communicate, display image and remote control Camera Description via Wi-Fi, Bluetooth Page 2 Role / Team Leader, iOS Software Developer Responsibilities 1. Research new technology for developing Wi-Fi, Bluetooth communicate 2. Setting up environment development for iOS, coding rule 3. Communicate with client to get latest requirement 4. Estimate and assign task to team member Page 3